Write metatext (#189)
SW709E19/Report: report/Appendix/AppendixCtrl.tex

> This chapter contains a list of prices for the SwiftSensors, the project proposal made by Neurospace and a statement from Rasmus(Neurospace ApS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter contains a list of prices for the Swift Sensors' products, the project proposal made by Neurospace and a statement from Rasmus (Neurospace ApS).
```

> This chapter contains a list of prices for the SwiftSensors and the project proposal made by Neurospace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chapter contains a pricelist from Swift Sensors, the project proposal made by Neurospace and a statement from Rasmus(Neurospace ApS).
```

> Lastly is has a statement from Rasmus(Neurospace ApS).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
